Add uimuldw function (#219)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/uimuldw/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2018 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# uimuldw

> > Perform multiplication of two unsigned 32-bit integers and return an array of two unsigned 32-bit integers which represents their 64-bit unsigned integer product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute the double word product of two unsigned 32-bit integers.
```

The current description is **good**; however, a bit too literal for a top-level package description. It's use below can be left as is.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var uimuldw = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/uimuldw' );
```

> <!-- eslint-disable no-shortcut-reference-link -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### uimuldw( \[out,\] a, b )

> > Perform multiplication of two unsigned 32-bit integers and return an array of two unsigned 32-bit integers which represents their 64-bit unsigned integer product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Multiplies two unsigned 32-bit integers and returns an array of two unsigned 32-bit integers which represents the 64-bit unsigned integer product.
```

```javascript
var v = uimuldw( 1, 10 );
// returns [ 0, 10 ]

v = uimul( 0x80000000, 0x80000000 ); // 2^31 * 2^31 = 4611686018427388000 => 32-bit integer overflow
// returns [ 1073741824, 0 ]
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

> <!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is a stray comment which has wandered from its original place. You can just go ahead and remove.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
